= The Lite tools

== OUTDATED CODE CAUTION

This directory contains tools which have been written at the far 2011 year.
Probably most of them is not actual or outdated.

== So

This is the lite tools "pack" which helpfull in several aspects of
programming life.

== Safe and Verbose

All this tools always explains which actions will be performed and asks
a permision for making changes.

Hope this is not obtrussive.

== Overview

=== GIT related

* keep_empty_dirs.sh - tool for adding a .keep files into an empty dirs.

  I am using this for init a git repositories.

* git-rm-cached.sh - tool for perform `git rm --cache` on a deleted files
  using the `git status` info.

=== Ruby-on-Rails stuff

* rails-rake/cab_db_tools.rake - this is the task `rake cab:db:create` which
  creates a database by the database.yml (creates a user with the given password and
  a database owned by user).

  Now supported only the PostgreSQL, but adding the MySQL and any other extermaly
  easy (the abstract adapter is supplied).

  NOTE: this tool does wanted job well, but the code is not ideally.

  Tested on the postgres 8.4.4-r1

  TODO: make specs, add mysql adapter

=== Other

* iso2usb.sh - this is batch for the Gentoo guide http://www.gentoo.org/doc/en/liveusb.xml

  Implemented only common wanted steps.

  NOTE: HEAD version of this tool is not yet tested after the extremaly small fix
        this should work but if you would like to use tested version you should use
        commit f478436

== As Is

All this provided as is... you know :)

Copylefted by x@ES

